Aggregate - (verb) to collect or gather together into a mass or whole.
Examples:

The company decided to aggregate its sales data from the past year to see how they could improve in the future.
The researcher will aggregate the results of the study to get a better understanding of the overall trends.
The farmer is going to aggregate his crops before taking them to market.
Aggress - (verb) to attack or make an unprovoked assault.
Examples:

The enemy army decided to aggress against the unsuspecting town.
The dog began to aggress against the mailman, barking and growling.
The bully would often aggress against weaker children on the playground.
Aggrieve - (verb) to cause someone to feel resentment or sorrow, often as a result of a perceived injustice.
Examples:

The teacher's unfair grading policy aggrieved many of the students.
The worker felt aggrieved by the company's decision to cut benefits.
The athlete was aggrieved by the referee's call during the game.
Agitate - (verb) to stir up public opinion or feelings; to disturb or upset.
Examples:

The political activist hoped to agitate the public into taking action.
The protest was intended to agitate for better working conditions.
The news report on the famine agitated the viewers, prompting many to donate money to relief efforts.
Agree - (verb) to have the same opinion or be in harmony or accord.
Examples:

The members of the committee were able to agree on a course of action.
The couple agreed that it was time to buy a house.
The two friends agreed to disagree on the topic.
Agonize - (verb) to suffer intense pain or struggle.
Examples:

The athlete agonized through a grueling training session in preparation for the race.
The family agonized over the decision to take their loved one off life support.
The hiker agonized up the steep mountain trail.
Aim - (verb) to direct one's efforts or intentions at achieving a particular goal or objective.
Examples:

The company aims to increase its profits by 20% this year.
The athlete aimed for the gold medal at the Olympics.
The student aims to get accepted into a top university.
Alienate - (verb) to cause someone to feel isolated or estranged.
Examples:

The new manager's management style began to alienate many of the employees.
The family feud had the potential to alienate members of the extended family.
The athlete's decision to take performance-enhancing drugs alienated many of their fans.
Alight - (verb) to dismount from a mode of transportation, such as a horse or a bus.
Examples:

The riders alighted from their horses when they arrived at the ranch.
The passengers alighted from the bus at the end of the line.
The bird alighted on the branch of the tree.
Allay - (verb) to relieve or alleviate.
Examples:

The medication helped to allay the patient's pain.
The teacher's explanation helped to allay the students' confusion about the topic.
The apology from the company helped to allay the customer's anger.
Allege - (verb) to assert without proof.
Examples:

The prosecution alleged that the defendant was guilty of the crime.
The politician alleged that their opponent had ties to a foreign government.
The company's former employees alleged that they were mistreated while working there 

Allege: To claim or assert that someone has done something wrong or illegal, without proof.
Examples:

The police alleged that the suspect had committed the crime.
The defendant alleged that he was innocent.
The prosecution alleged that the company had engaged in illegal activity.
Alleviate: To make a problem or suffering less severe.
Examples:

Taking a painkiller can alleviate headaches.
The charity works to alleviate poverty.
The new medicine alleviated the symptoms of the disease.
Allocate: To distribute something for a particular purpose.
Examples:

The government has allocated funds for education.
We need to allocate more resources to this project.
The manager allocated tasks to each member of the team 

Allow - to give permission or make it possible to do something
Example: The teacher will allow the students to retake the exam.
Example: The company will allow employees to work from home.
Example: The park does not allow dogs.

Alloy - a metal made by combining two or more metallic elements
Example: Brass is an alloy of copper and zinc.
Example: Steel is an alloy of iron and carbon.
Example: Bronze is an alloy of copper and tin.

Allot - to give out or assign something, usually as a share or portion
Example: The manager will allot tasks to each employee.
Example: The teacher will allot a specific time for each group to present.
Example: The government will allot a budget for the education sector.

Allude - to refer to something indirectly or briefly
Example: The speaker alluded to a recent news article during his speech.
Example: The writer alluded to a famous novel in his short story.
Example: The comedian alluded to a recent celebrity scandal in his routine.

Allure - to attract or entice someone or something
Example: The beautiful beach resort allured many tourists.
Example: The exotic scent of the flowers allured the bees.
Example: The high salary allured many job seekers.

Amalgamate - to combine or unite to form a whole
Example: The two companies will amalgamate to become a larger corporation.
Example: The chef will amalgamate different flavors to create a new dish.
Example: The artist will amalgamate different art styles to create a unique piece.

Amass - to collect or gather in large quantities
Example: The millionaire will amass more wealth through his business ventures.
Example: The hoarder will amass many items in his home.
Example: The farmer will amass a large harvest of crops.

Amaze - to cause wonder or surprise
Example: The magician's tricks amazed the audience.
Example: The stunning view from the top of the mountain amazed the hikers.
Example: The child's drawing skills amazed her parents.

Ambulate - to walk or move around
Example: The patient is able to ambulate with the help of crutches.
Example: The dog ambulates freely in the park.
Example: The senior citizens group ambulates around the community.

Amount - to add up or equal a total
Example: The total amount of money spent on the project is $10,000.
Example: The number of books on the shelf amounts to 100.
Example: The rainfall amount for the month is 3 inches.

Amplify - to increase in volume, intensity, or effect
Example: The microphone will amplify the speaker's voice.
Example: The electric guitar amplifier will amplify the sound of the guitar.
Example: The protest will amplify the public's demand for change.

Amuse - to provide enjoyment or entertainment
Example: The comedian will amuse the audience with his jokes.
Example: The amusement park will amuse the visitors with its rides.
Example: The cat will amuse the owner with its playful behavior.