In a distant galaxy, on a planet named Zorium, a group of aliens were discussing a new proposal from the Galactic Council. The council had sent a message saying that they wanted to apprehend a group of humans who had illegally arrived on Zorium. The aliens knew that the council would approach them for help, and they needed to decide whether to approbate or disapprove the council's request.

Some of the aliens believed that it was appropriate to help the council apprehend the humans. They argued that the humans were breaking intergalactic laws and needed to be stopped. Other aliens believed that it was not appropriate to interfere with the humans' affairs, and that they should not approve the council's request.

The aliens decided to arbitrate and hold a debate to reach a decision. As they discussed the issue, a group of humans arrived on Zorium, unaware that they were breaking any laws. The aliens approached the humans and tried to articulate their concerns, but the humans did not understand their language.

The aliens needed to ascend and find a way to ascertain the humans' intentions. They decided to ascribe a team of translators to communicate with the humans. As they talked to the humans, they learned that the humans had come to Zorium in search of new resources to save their planet from destruction. The aliens realized that they shared a common goal with the humans, and that they could work together to find a solution.

The council arrived on Zorium, expecting the aliens to have apprehended the humans. Instead, the aliens approached the council and presented their findings. They argued that instead of apprehending the humans, they should collaborate with them and find a way to save their planets.

The council was surprised but approved the aliens' proposal. The aliens and humans worked together to find a new energy source that would save both their planets. In the end, the aliens learned that by working together and approaching problems with an open mind, they could achieve much more than they ever thought possible.